Add example to cmdlet (#1152)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Get-EntraOAuth2PermissionGrant.md

```output
Id                                       ClientId                             ConsentType   PrincipalId                           ResourceId                            Scope
--                                       --------                             -----------   -----------                           ----------                            -----
A1bC2dE3fH4iJ5kL6mN7oP8qR9sT0u           00001111-aaaa-2222-bbbb-3333cccc4444 AllPrincipals                                       a0a0a0a0-bbbb-cccc-dddd-e1e1e1e1e1e1  User.ReadBasic.All
C2dE3fH4iJ5kL6mN7oP8qR9sT0uV1w           00001111-aaaa-2222-bbbb-3333cccc4444 AllPrincipals                                       b1b1b1b1-cccc-dddd-eeee-f2f2f2f2f2f2  User.Read
```

> This command gets top 2 OAuth2 permission grants records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command retrieves the top 2 OAuth2 permission grant records.
```
